---
layout: post
comments: true
title:  "A Sunrise"
subtitle: "Poem"
date:   2019-01-01 04:00:00 +0530
background: '/img/posts/a-sunrise.jpg'
---

<br>Wandering on a road unpaved.
<br>Alone and broken, against the wind I braved.
<br>Lost was my passion for the journey ahead.
<br>I was getting sucked into the land of the dead.
<br>Blind I was to color, as I was to love.
<br>I prayed for someone to be sent from above.
<br>
<br>'twas then, with the east wind came Eos.
<br>Looking at her I went in a state of chaos.
<br>For she was a rose dearest to god.
<br>At her gracefulness, the swans felt awed.
<br>I looked at the land, barren and infertile,
<br>There now blossomed an iris, unspoiled and sterile.
<br>
<br>Together, I knew, we would make a whole.
<br>For in her I saw, a reflection of my soul.
<br>And so, I proposed her to be my mate.
<br>For the journey that lies ahead.
<br>From there on - our paths were one.
<br>As we wandered towards the rising sun.


{% if page.comments %}
<div id="disqus_thread"></div>
<script>
    /**
     *  RECOMMENDED CONFIGURATION VARIABLES: EDIT AND UNCOMMENT THE SECTION BELOW TO INSERT DYNAMIC VALUES FROM YOUR PLATFORM OR CMS.
     *  LEARN WHY DEFINING THESE VARIABLES IS IMPORTANT: https://disqus.com/admin/universalcode/#configuration-variables
     */
    /*
    var disqus_config = function () {
        this.page.url = PAGE_URL;  // Replace PAGE_URL with your page's canonical URL variable
        this.page.identifier = PAGE_IDENTIFIER; // Replace PAGE_IDENTIFIER with your page's unique identifier variable
    };
    */
    (function() {  // REQUIRED CONFIGURATION VARIABLE: EDIT THE SHORTNAME BELOW
        var d = document, s = d.createElement('script');

        s.src = 'https://amanabt.disqus.com/embed.js';  // IMPORTANT: Replace EXAMPLE with your forum shortname!

        s.setAttribute('data-timestamp', +new Date());
        (d.head || d.body).appendChild(s);
    })();
</script>
<noscript>Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="https://disqus.com/?ref_noscript" rel="nofollow">comments powered by Disqus.</a></noscript>
{% endif %}
